== CaLLGiRL README

Generic Rails App for BareMetal web based user interfaces. Soon will have single
app support via rails websockets and also sinatra and neato backbone.js, angular.js views
for rails.

=== Components of CallGirl
Bootstrap 4
Rails 4.2
AdminLTE-Rails, -Generator
Jquery



=== Development Process

==== Gems
Check out awesome_print for printing ugly objects
And Better_errors for rails errors

=== Deployment

* Ruby version -> 2.2.1 Preferred although anything over 1.9.0 is compatiable
at the sourcecode level

* System dependencies -> libmysqlclient-dev libmysqlclient18 nodejs

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


=== Database

default: &default
  adapter: mysql2
  encoding: utf8
  pool: 5
  username: callgirl
  host: datastore2
  password: githerdunnottoofastmyson
  #socket: /var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock
  url: "mysql2://callgirl:githerdunnottoofastmyson@datastore2"

development:
  <<: *default
  database: hooker_development

# Warning: The database defined as "test" will be erased and
# re-generated from your development database when you run "rake".
# Do not set this db to the same as development or production.
test:
  <<: *default
  database: hooker_test

# As with config/secrets.yml, you never want to store sensitive information,
# like your database password, in your source code. If your source code is
# ever seen by anyone, they now have access to your database.
#
# Instead, provide the password as a unix environment variable when you boot
# the app. Read http://guides.rubyonrails.org/configuring.html#configuring-a-database
# for a full rundown on how to provide these environment variables in a
# production deployment.
#
# On Heroku and other platform providers, you may have a full connection URL
# available as an environment variable. For example:
#
#   DATABASE_URL="mysql2://myuser:mypass@localhost/somedatabase"
#
# You can use this database configuration with:
#
#   production:
#     url: <%= ENV['DATABASE_URL'] %>
#
production:
  <<: *default
  database: hooker_production
#  username: webui
#  password: <%= ENV['WEBUI_DATABASE_PASSWORD'] %>